
Youtube Link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OrCEy0jYstU
To preface, there are various comments embeded within all for the files, so specific aspects of the html, css, etc. can all be viewed over there. 

I would like to talk about some of the decisions we made and why we made them. The biggest one would be the fact that we implemented a third party service (mailchimp) with an embdedded code which generates the contact form as well as the subscription form and then sends it back to a database which is housed by them (that allows for the user [me]) to view all of the submissions. We originally wanted to make our own contact and subscroption form using HTML (you can check the source code it has a request and contact form up) and we got that aspect to work as well as JavaScript with eventlisteners looking for when the button is pressed to retrieve the information. We tried using PHP with a proxy to a third party housing system such as Google Firebase, but no matter how much we tried, we could not get it to work, and with our efforts focused on the live chat feature we decided to just use a third party system. All of the source code of our attempt is still up and can be viewed in the PHP folder. Additionally, some of the other hyperlinks to other websites like Facebook and Twitter and Google maps were implemented using some basic hrefs and we did this to give the user some more context of who we are and how we run operations.

As for the website itself, we borrowed a template (all of the proper credit is given as well as notices of fair use such that we would not get copyright strikes in any case) and built on top of it features using CSS and JS to change around text formats, colors, add navigations features, buttons, navigation bars, toggle bars, etc, which were completed with the use of bootstraps, a lot of event listeners and JS files that we got from the internet (proper credit given in specifc files). Anything specifc about our code can be found within specific files and it has been completed in a way such that major functions have their use commented out as well as a bunch of add-ons that we wanted to implement but either could not get to work (our own personal contact and subscription form) or things that did not fit the website picture (an embdded youtube video that did not look good within the website). 

The website is supposed to be more of a sideshow as the live chat feature is what gives the project its needed complexity and thus the website is a good add-on and show of what we had done.