Youtube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OrCEy0jYstU
To start off, there is not much work to do for the user since it is a website, but considering it is not published on the internet, the user would have to run it on their own computer's server using http-server. 

The point of the website is to be a method for Jayson (my partner) and I to advertise our skills in Web and Marketing, and use it as a way to attract customers. On the top right, there will be a toggle bar where clicking on the different headers (Home, Services, Request, about, and Contact) which will navigate the user to the respective section. Below that is the main header which includes the company name as well as a short decription of what we do and a blue button (Discover) which will take the user down to the services that we offer. In this services section there is 3 cards which demonstrate our 3 main areas of expertise as well as some images to go along with it. Below that is more information about what we exactly do (such as Web devlopment and marketing and optimization) clicking on the blue "More Information" buttons will cause a plackard to flash in front of the screen which conveys some more services that we offer (languages we use, social media presence, etc.)

To continue, below these information panels we have testimonials from companies that we have helped (made up for show purposes) with a stock image to the left of it of two men having a conference. Under that we have an about section where it gives information about the mission we hope to accomplish as well as information about us and our socials. Finally, we have the contact information section which will give the user an opportunity to send us a contact message as well as subscribe to our services which we can see on a third party databse system (mailchimp) and a map which users can scroll around in and look at where we are based. 

